docs(rust-sdk): Document metrics (#17545)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/metrics/options/rust.mdx

### Enabling Metrics

> To capture metrics, you need to compile the `sentry` crate with the `metrics` feature and set [`enable_metrics: true`](https://docs.rs/sentry/0.48.0/sentry/struct.ClientOptions.html#structfield.enable_metrics) in the [`ClientOptions`](https://docs.rs/sentry/0.48.0/sentry/struct.ClientOptions.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To capture metrics, you need to compile the `sentry` crate with the `metrics` feature and set [`enable_metrics: true`](https://docs.rs/sentry/latest/sentry/struct.ClientOptions.html#structfield.enable_metrics) in the [`ClientOptions`](https://docs.rs/sentry/latest/sentry/struct.ClientOptions.html).
```

Seems like a nice idea to link to the API docs (it's not a pattern I've been using before), however I would suggest to link to the latest so that the user is brought to the latest release every time.

Author: Addressed!
